capiebat:es fasste
monebas:du ermahntest
monebamus:wir ermahnten
laborabat:es arbeitete
laborabas:du arbeitetest
eratis:ihr wart
laborabant:sie arbeiteten
agebant:sie handelten
agebamus:wir handelten
videbamus:wir sahen
poteramus:wir konnten
videbant:sie sahen
audiebatis:ihr hörtet
videbatis:ihr saht
ibas:du gingst
agebatis:ihr handeltet
amabant:sie liebten
capiebas:du fasstest
poteras:du konntest
laborabam:ich arbeitete
agebam:ich handelte
amabatis:ihr liebtet
ibam:ich ging
eramus:wir waren
videbas:du sahst
monebant:sie ermahnten
audiebant:sie hörten
poteram:ich konnte
erat:es war
videbat:es sah
erant:sie waren
laborabatis:ihr arbeitetet
eras:du warst
capiebamus:wir fassten
amabat:es liebte
agebas:du handeltest
agebat:es handelte
poteratis:ihr konntet
monebatis:ihr ermahntet
monebam:ich ermahnte
poterant:sie konnten
audiebam:ich hörte
laborabamus:wir arbeiteten
audiebamus:wir hörten
audiebat:es hörte
amabamus:wir liebten
capiebant:sie fassten
monebat:es ermahnte
amabam:ich liebte
amabas:du liebtest
ibamus:wir gingen
ibant:sie gingen
capiebam:ich fasste
ibatis:ihr gingt
videbam:ich sah
audiebas:du hörtest
poterat:es konnte
eram:ich war
ibat:es ging
capiebatis:ihr fasstet
